add instructions to see transl. version in browser (#3034)
internetarchive/openlibrary: openlibrary/i18n/README.md

You can edit the `message.po` file using your favourite editor, or a .po specific tool such as [poedit](https://poedit.net/), and send in a Pull Request. Pull Request Guidelines can be found on our [README](https://github.com/internetarchive/openlibrary/blob/master/Readme.md) and [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/internetarchive/openlibrary/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide.

## Viewing and testing your changes:

> In order to open your language version of the website in the browser, run the following command in the command line: docker-compose exec web make i18n

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to open your language version of the website in the browser, run the following command in the command line: `docker-compose exec web make i18n` ; then e.g. http://localhost:8080/?lang=fr should work.
```

> To view Open Library in a preferred language, you will need to [adjust your browser language preferences]( https://www.w3.org/International/questions/qa-lang-priorities). To force a page to appear in a language, you can also use the `lang=` parameter on the URL with a two character language code, e.g. https://openlibrary.org/?lang=fr

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view production Open Library in a preferred language, you will need to [adjust your browser language preferences]( https://www.w3.org/International/questions/qa-lang-priorities). You can also use the `lang=` parameter on the URL with a two character language code, e.g. https://openlibrary.org/?lang=fr
```
